Okay.
So next stop,
we can do with another
fan user online package.
This one is gonna, be useful for the next
two examples, so its called rpc-stream.
The rpc-stream, Read me,
is really worth reading for
some sort of like some ideology about
how you should try to make your your
interfaces as general as possible so
that you get the flexibility of, for
example, what we did with the VPN example.
If that network connection had baked
in its own crypto, we couldn't
have done any of that, or if it had been
hardwired to a particular interface.
I recommend you give that a read,
I can just give you an example.
It's like a nice rant about how you
can build little pipelines like that,
it's great.
rpc-stream lets you call
methods on a remote service.
So it's rpc remote procedure call,
and you can pack it into a stream.
So, this isn't always the best idea, but
sometimes it's convenient
enough way to do things,
it works based on defining methods.
And the methods have callbacks, and
then you need to call the callback to
inform the remote end
that everything is okay.
And this all works in a stream, so
here I've got a server that's set
up with a duplex stream connection.
If we run this, anytime a client connects
that can speak the rpc-stream protocol,
they can call a method called
hello with a name, and
then the server responds back
prepending a string to the response.
So how do you in this case with
the name that they provide?
Here's a client for that, so,
I'm just gonna go ahead and
copy paste these because they're
kind of hard to write freehand.
I usually mess them up.
So make a directory rpc, [SOUND] and
write that out to server.js,
and then write this one out to client.js,
So if we go ahead and look at the server,
could just step through
what's happening here.
So we've got our TCP server, stream is
a duplex stream, inside of that function.
And then we pipe stream into rpc,
which also returns a duplex stream.
So yet again, we have a.pipe.b.pipe a.
So it's common pattern
with this kind of stuff.
Then we've got the rpc internals,
like defining some methods.
And that's it.
We're listening on a port.
The client, meanwhile,
does a similar kind of thing.
a.pipe b.pipe a again, by the way,
except this is the client
side of a TCP connection.
So we're doing client that pipe, whatever.
And then, we need to list out
the methods that the remote has,
and we can then call those methods.
So here I'm using process.env.USER, which
is just like the USER, in your system.
>> Read me, and print out the results,
and then we close the connection.
So, now if I run the server, and
I run the client, I get howdy substack.
That's exactly what I would expect.
So, rpc-streams are like sometimes useful,
sometimes you just have something that
sort of just some methods that you wanna
expose, and you don't wanna make
your own hardwired wire protocol.
You don't wanna have to like sit down and
come up with like a JSON,
like new line delimited schema for doing
this stuff, and like having the sequence
numbers on every method, so that things
get routed to the correct place.
So these kinds of tools are sometimes
handy for this sort of thing.